#### (13) - Friday, Dec 22 at 5:03 AM CST (A)

At Gold's Gym again, opening. 

Tomorrow is my mom's birthday. What a lady and what a year it's been for her. Thank you for all that you've done, even if you'll never see this. I hope I can pay you and dad back one day for everything that y'all have done for Aaron and I. Soon.

This will probably be my last entry of 2023, so I wanted to write about something that I've been building. Well "building," but definitely been working on for a little over a year now. (I actually started putting pen to paper around the same time that I started this blog, kinda another full circle moment right now.) 

It's called [QUBE](https://github.com/B-Salinas/QUBE), an acronym that I'm stillllllllll playing around with what it stands for exactly. 

The general idea is that it helps control the flow of data. Or really brings about the flow. Data, money, energy, water - they all flow. But there is no eyes in the digital world, and as far as I know, no "laws of physics" governing the way that bits of information interact with each other while they are stored. I'm not hoping to set some standard into place, but discover a standard that already exists as we just don't understand the "laws" of the digital realm yet. 

And it all boils down to math. 

That's still SUPER vague when it comes to the Qube and it's capabalities, but I hope to bring it to life and let it speak for itself. I know it's going to do a LOT of good for the world - it just depends on me helping it come to life.

Best of luck to myself, I hope it comes out better than expected (me to me when I inevitably come back and reread these entries later). 

And to anyone who happens to stumble upon this: I hope things are going well for you too :) 

<p align="center">
  * * * * *
</p>

So turns out I actually wrote a blog entry this time [last year](https://github.com/B-Salinas/github-should-have-a-blog/blob/main/22/12-22-closing-out-the-year.md). I love when that happens - I'm moving right along! I'm glad I've been listening to myself.
